equipment a roof vent to get our
reference points we went inside the
attic and we took some measurements off
a known point which was an exhaust for a
dryer
we got the dimensions of about 120 feet
123 inches excuse me and from that point
63 inches now we measured and we put our
mark which would be right over where his
exhaust duct comes out into the attic
where it ended now we will drill large
enough hole to insert our salt salt
blade
here let me see the light
it appears that we are right over the
right over the ductwork
picture reporter
in half
oh we got our hope dry weight you know
should be able to
a little bit
it's probably one of them nails are
we can raise this up and put your nail
through there in the way a good rough
patch singer as recommended
and again we're mainly concerned about
here's the top half everything else
the rain will just fix my bead here on
nail holes get a goodly supply what's
this season's up it'll be
and that beautiful mm-hmm release
pressure so none mm-hmm always try to
leave your job site clean and then go
clean your finger
thank you